README.md, before:

[![PyPI pyversions](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/pydocstringformatter.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pydocstringformatter/)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/DanielNoord/pydocstringformatter/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/DanielNoord/pydocstringformatter?branch=main)
[![Tests](https://github.com/DanielNoord/pydocstringformatter/actions/workflows/tests.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/DanielNoord/pydocstringformatter/actions/workflows/tests.yaml)
[![pre-commit.ci status](https://results.pre-commit.ci/badge/github/DanielNoord/pydocstringformatter/main.svg)](https://results.pre-commit.ci/latest/github/DanielNoord/pydocstringformatter/main)

# Pydocstringformatter

A tool to automatically format Python docstrings that tries to follow recommendations
from [`PEP 8`](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) and
[`PEP 257`](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0257/). See
[What it does](#what-it-does) for currently supported auto-formatting.

## How to install

```shell
pip install pydocstringformatter
```

## Usage

```shell
usage: pydocstringformatter [-h] [-w] [--exclude EXCLUDE] [-v] [files ...]

positional arguments:
  files                 The directory or files to format.

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -w, --write           Write the changes to file instead of printing the diffs to stdout.
  --quiet               Do not print any logging or status messages to stdout.
  -v, --version         Show version number and exit.

configuration:
  --exclude EXCLUDE     A comma separated list of glob patterns of file path names not to be formatted.
```

### Configuration

Pydocstringformatter will also read any configuration added to the
`[tool.pydocstringformatter]` section of a `pyproject.toml` file.

For example:

```toml
[tool.pydocstringformatter]
write = True
exclude = "**/my_dir/**,**/my_other_dir/**"
# Or:
exclude = ["**/my_dir/**", "**/my_other_dir/**"]
```

## Pre-commit

Pydocstringformatter can also be used as a [pre-commit hook](https://pre-commit.com).
Add the following to your `.pre-commit-config.yaml` file:

```yaml
- repo: https://github.com/DanielNoord/pydocstringformatter
  rev: SPECIFY VERSION HERE
  hooks:
    - id: pydocstringformatter
```

## What it does

The following examples show what pydocstringformatter will pick up on. All _bad_
examples will be rewritten to follow the _good_ patterns.

**PEP 8: _Note that most importantly, the """ that ends a multiline docstring should be
on a line by itself:_**

```python
# Bad
"""My
multi-line docstring"""

# Good
"""My
multi-line docstring
"""
```

**PEP 257: _The closing quotes are on the same line as the opening quotes_**

For consistency this rule also gets applied to multi-line docstrings

```python
# Bad
"""
My docstring"""

"""My docstring
"""

"""
My
multi-line docstring
"""

# Good
"""My docstring"""

"""My docstring"""

"""My
multi-line docstring
"""
```

**PEP 257: _The docstring is a phrase ending in a period & Multi-line docstrings consist
of a summary line just like a one-line docstring_**

Since the first line should be a phrase or summary the first character gets capitalized.

```python
# Bad
"""My docstring"""

"""Summary

My docstring
"""


# Good
"""My docstring."""

"""Summary.

My docstring
"""
```

**PEP 257: _Multi-line docstrings consist of a summary line just like a one-line
docstring, followed by a blank line, followed by a more elaborate description._**

```python
# Bad
"""Summary. Body."""

"""Summary.
   Body.
   """

# Good
"""Summary.

   Body.
   """
```

**_Trailing or leading whitespaces get removed as well._**

```python
# Bad
"""  My docstring.  """

"""  Summary.

Body
  """

"""  My docstring.

    My indented section
"""

# Good
"""My docstring."""

"""  Summary.

Body
"""

"""My docstring.

    My indented section
"""
```

## Development

For development and contributing guidelines please see
[`Contributing`](https://github.com/DanielNoord/pydocstringformatter/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Commit message:

Special case Sphinx-style titles for ``FinalPeriodFormatter`` (#40)

README.md, after:

[![PyPI pyversions](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/pydocstringformatter.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pydocstringformatter/)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/DanielNoord/pydocstringformatter/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/DanielNoord/pydocstringformatter?branch=main)
[![Tests](https://github.com/DanielNoord/pydocstringformatter/actions/workflows/tests.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/DanielNoord/pydocstringformatter/actions/workflows/tests.yaml)
[![pre-commit.ci status](https://results.pre-commit.ci/badge/github/DanielNoord/pydocstringformatter/main.svg)](https://results.pre-commit.ci/latest/github/DanielNoord/pydocstringformatter/main)

# Pydocstringformatter

A tool to automatically format Python docstrings that tries to follow recommendations
from [`PEP 8`](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) and
[`PEP 257`](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0257/). See
[What it does](#what-it-does) for currently supported auto-formatting.

## How to install

```shell
pip install pydocstringformatter
```

## Usage

```shell
usage: pydocstringformatter [-h] [-w] [--exclude EXCLUDE] [-v] [files ...]

positional arguments:
  files                 The directory or files to format.

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -w, --write           Write the changes to file instead of printing the diffs to stdout.
  --quiet               Do not print any logging or status messages to stdout.
  -v, --version         Show version number and exit.

configuration:
  --exclude EXCLUDE     A comma separated list of glob patterns of file path names not to be formatted.
```

### Configuration

Pydocstringformatter will also read any configuration added to the
`[tool.pydocstringformatter]` section of a `pyproject.toml` file.

For example:

```toml
[tool.pydocstringformatter]
write = True
exclude = "**/my_dir/**,**/my_other_dir/**"
# Or:
exclude = ["**/my_dir/**", "**/my_other_dir/**"]
```

## Pre-commit

Pydocstringformatter can also be used as a [pre-commit hook](https://pre-commit.com).
Add the following to your `.pre-commit-config.yaml` file:

```yaml
- repo: https://github.com/DanielNoord/pydocstringformatter
  rev: SPECIFY VERSION HERE
  hooks:
    - id: pydocstringformatter
```

## What it does

The following examples show what pydocstringformatter will pick up on. All _bad_
examples will be rewritten to follow the _good_ patterns.

**PEP 8: _Note that most importantly, the """ that ends a multiline docstring should be
on a line by itself:_**

```python
# Bad
"""My
multi-line docstring"""

# Good
"""My
multi-line docstring
"""
```

**PEP 257: _The closing quotes are on the same line as the opening quotes_**

For consistency this rule also gets applied to multi-line docstrings.

```python
# Bad
"""
My docstring"""

"""My docstring
"""

"""
My
multi-line docstring
"""

# Good
"""My docstring"""

"""My docstring"""

"""My
multi-line docstring
"""
```

**PEP 257: _The docstring is a phrase ending in a period & Multi-line docstrings consist
of a summary line just like a one-line docstring_**

Since the first line should be a phrase or summary the first character gets capitalized.

When the second line is one recurring character we consider the summary line to be a
title as used in many Sphinx documentation schemes and do not add a period.

```python
# Bad
"""My docstring"""

"""Summary

My docstring
"""


# Good
"""My docstring."""

"""Summary.

My docstring
"""

"""My title
===========

My docstring
"""
```

**PEP 257: _Multi-line docstrings consist of a summary line just like a one-line
docstring, followed by a blank line, followed by a more elaborate description._**

When the second line is one recurring character we consider the summary line to be a
title as used in many Sphinx documentation schemes and do not add a white line.

```python
# Bad
"""Summary. Body."""

"""Summary.
Body.
"""

# Good
"""Summary.

Body.
"""

"""My title
===========

My docstring
"""
```

**_Trailing or leading whitespaces get removed as well._**

```python
# Bad
"""  My docstring.  """

"""  Summary.

Body
  """

"""  My docstring.

    My indented section
"""

# Good
"""My docstring."""

"""  Summary.

Body
"""

"""My docstring.

    My indented section
"""
```

## Development

For development and contributing guidelines please see
[`Contributing`](https://github.com/DanielNoord/pydocstringformatter/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).
